## Publications & Forthcomings
1.[Unlocking Entrepreneurial Growth: Migrants and New Firm Entry in China](https://doi.org/10.1080/13504851.2025.2472033) (Zhiqiang Wang and **Zhe Zhang**\*), ***Applied Economics Letters***, 2025, 1-5.<details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> How do the provision of information and consumer choices affect market efficiency in a market with misallocation and rationing? We investigate the introduction of a mobile-phone-based outpatient appointment app that provides real-time hospital information and streamlines appointment booking in China's public hospital market. We find that the app can significantly improve the efficiency of hospital appointment utilization and healthcare quality, achieved through facilitating patient sorting over time and across hospitals based on medical needs. Patients with mild conditions are directed to primary-care facilities, while acute-care hospitals are better able to serve patients with severe conditions. We also observe improved patient health outcomes and reduced medical cost. Our findings underscore the power of lightweight healthcare IT innovations in enhancing hospital resource management and patient welfare. </h5></details>
1. [Steamships and Market Integration: Evidence from the Late Qing Dynasty](https://ccj.pku.edu.cn/article/info?aid=664327856459845) (Yu Hao, Zhiqiang Wang, and **Zhe Zhang**\*), ***Economic Science (in Chinese 经济科学)***, 2025, 47(01): 215-237.<details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> A key challenge in expanding public health insurance programs is how to deliver these programs cost-effectively with limited budget. This paper studies a value-based insurance design that introduced prescription drug coverage for two chronic diseases—hypertension and diabetes. This targeted drug coverage scheme increased the use of primary care and sharply reduced hospitalizations, leading to substantial net savings in total medical expenditure. Three operating channels were in play. First, a hospitalization offset was achieved by stimulating regular use of primary care and improving disease management. Second, the offset occurred more notably for nontargeted chronic diseases, suggesting a strong positive cross-disease spillover effect. Third, learning contributed to more efficient management of both targeted and nontargeted diseases. Our findings highlight a viable value-based insurance design, especially for developing countries with limited funding. </h5></details>
1. [Neighboring Capital Imports and Non-Importer Productivity: Evidence from Geocoded Manufacturing Firms in China](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jue.2024.103692) (Jiawei Mo\* and **Zhe Zhang**), ***Journal of Urban Economics***, 2024, 143, 103692.<details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> A key challenge in expanding public health insurance programs is how to deliver these programs cost-effectively with limited budget. This paper studies a value-based insurance design that introduced prescription drug coverage for two chronic diseases—hypertension and diabetes. This targeted drug coverage scheme increased the use of primary care and sharply reduced hospitalizations, leading to substantial net savings in total medical expenditure. Three operating channels were in play. First, a hospitalization offset was achieved by stimulating regular use of primary care and improving disease management. Second, the offset occurred more notably for nontargeted chronic diseases, suggesting a strong positive cross-disease spillover effect. Third, learning contributed to more efficient management of both targeted and nontargeted diseases. Our findings highlight a viable value-based insurance design, especially for developing countries with limited funding. </h5></details>
