## Publications & Forthcomings
### In English:
1. [Neighboring Capital Imports and Non-Importer Productivity: Evidence from Geocoded Manufacturing Firms in China](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jue.2024.103692) (Jiawei Mo\* and **Zhe Zhang**), ***Journal of Urban Economics***, 2024, 143, 103692.<details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> This article examines the spillover effects of neighboring firms’ imports on the productivity of non-importers. By analyzing geocoded manufacturing firms in China, we find that capital goods imports by neighboring firms within 10 km positively impact non-importer productivity; intermediate goods imports show no clear spillover. These results hold when using imports from distant firms as instruments. Spillovers from capital imports mainly come from neighbors in upstream and downstream industries, which indicate potential supply chain effects. Learning effects from neighboring imported products are not significant. Quantitatively, neighboring capital imports raised non-importers’ average productivity by 0.99% from 2000 to 2006, surpassing gains from their own R&D participation by more than sixfold. Overall, our findings demonstrate substantial societal benefits of capital imports for non-importers connected spatially. </h5></details>
1. [Unlocking Entrepreneurial Growth: Migrants and New Firm Entry in China](https://doi.org/10.1080/13504851.2025.2472033) (Zhiqiang Wang and **Zhe Zhang**\*), ***Applied Economics Letters***, 2025, 1-5. <details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> Using administrative data on firm registrations in China from 2000 to 2005 and employing a shift-share design, this study estimates the causal impact of rural-urban migration on new firm entry. Our findings show that the influx of migrants significantly increases new firm creation by reducing wages for low- skilled labour, thereby lowering labour costs for firms. This effect is especially pronounced in industries characterized by lower patent intensity, lower skill requirements, and higher labour intensity. The study underscores the vital role of labour mobility in driving entrepreneurial growth. </h5></details>

### In Chinese:
1. [《轮船航运与市场整合——来自晚清中国的证据》](https://ccj.pku.edu.cn/article/info?aid=664327856459845) (郝煜, 王志强, **张喆**\*), ***《经济科学》***, 2025, 47(01): 215-237.<details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> 以蒸汽为主要动力的轮船的引进改进了内河航运的效率， 降低了交通成本，提高了清末中国的市场整合程度。 本文以清政府在 «马关条约» 后允许轮船进入非通商口岸的内河航运为准自然实验。 研究发现， 轮船航运提高了位于同一条长江支流的府对之间的市场整合程度， 相对于对照组， 这些府对间的粮价差异降低了 4.65%。 这解释了该地区这一时期实际粮价差异下降的 37%。 机制分析表明， 这种效应只在具备通航条件的长江支流以及通航条件较好的府对较为明显。 最后， 该效应对于运输距离较长、 贸易潜力较大的府对影响更大， 这表明轮船技术的应用存在固定成本和规模经济。 本文的发现表明近代以来的市场一体化受制于制度、 地理、 市场规模等因素， 呈现出曲折发展和时空局限的面貌， 从而为今天 “构建国内统一大市场” 战略的实施提供了有益的历史镜鉴。 </h5></details>

&nbsp;
## Job Market Paper
Keeping up with the Joneses: FDI, Supply Chain Linkages, and Industrial Emissions (With Jiawei Mo and Ye Yuan), 2025. <details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> This study investigates whether and how foreign direct investment (FDI) influences local industrial emissions. Leveraging spatial and temporal variations in FDI inflows into China's manufacturing sector during the 2000s, we find that an FDI entry within commuting distances reduces domestic firm's sulfur dioxide emission intensity by 6.01% and that of other industrial pollutants by 3.3-5.4%. These emission reductions are driven by supply-chain interactions between FDI and domestic entities, independent of local regulations or new domestic entry. Our findings offer insight to the pollution haven hypothesis and highlight that the environmental benefits of FDI in China's manufacturing sector well exceed the costs of its direct emissions. </h5></details>

&nbsp;
## Working Papers
1. Foreign Neighbors, Local Gains: Spatial Evidence of FDI's Productivity Spillovers in China (Sole Author), Reject & Resubmit at ***Regional Science and Urban Economics***, 2025. <details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> This study investigates the spatial spillover impact of foreign direct investment (FDI) on local firm productivity in developing countries. Using geocoded manufacturing firm data in China and geographic distance as an identification strategy, I estimate FDI's productivity spillover using the production function estimation approach while explicitly embedding nearby FDI entries into local firms' dynamic productivity evolution. I find that an FDI entry within commuting distances notably increases the productivity of local firms by 0.26% to 0.33% in the subsequent period. The results remain robust when using changes in FDI policy as instruments. This productivity spillover effect is mainly attributed to the learning effect from FDI entrants producing similar products to local firms, while upstream and downstream FDI entrants have no significant impact on local firm productivity through potential supply chain linkages. FDI's productivity-enhancing impact is achieved through increasing the likelihood of new innovation patent applications and production of new products. </h5></details>
1. From Cargo to Coverage: How Export Growth Lifts Insurance Premium Income (With Chenbin Mao, Zhiqiang Wang, and Ye Yin), 1st round Revise & Resubmit at ***The World Economy***, 2025. <details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> This paper investigates how export expansion drives the development of the insurance market. As an important financial sector facilitating risk management, the growth of this market is a process of significant interest for developing nations. Using China's post-WTO accession period (2000-2010) as a context of rapid trade liberalization, we leverage a shift-share IV design and city-level data to demonstrate that a USD1,000 rise in exports per worker increases insurance premiums per worker by USD25.9, with export growth accounting for 15.6% of premium growth. Demand-side factors such as improved labor markets through job creation and wage gains are key, while supply-side efficiency gains play a minimal role. These findings highlight the role of export earnings in explaining the trade-induced financial market development.  </h5></details>
1. Global Value Chains and World Pollution Emissions (With Yuwan Duan, Ting Ji, and Yi Lu), 2025. <details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> We analyze theoretically and quantitatively the interactions between international trade and the environment in the context of global value chains (GVCs) by incorporating pollution abatement and emissions into a multi-country-multi-sector structural gravity trade model with multistage sequential production. Based on this framework, we extend the classic pollution decomposition equation to include a novel stage effect, which reflects the impacts of an economy's relative position in the global production chain on the environment. We find that including GVCs in the model completely reshapes how trade affects the environment. Particularly, including GVCs strengthens the power of environmental regulations as a source of comparative advantage at the sectoral level and allows a new margin of international specialization, i.e., stage. However, environmental regulations are still a weak trade determinant compared with other forces such as productivity and trade costs. We simulate different levels of U.S.-China trade decoupling in terms of production stages that are affected, and find that both countries lose in terms of production and trade but tend to emit less. </h5></details>
1. Welfare and Environmental Effects of New Infrastructure: Evidence from China's Extra-High Voltage Electricity Transmission Project (With Yuwan Duan and Yi Lu), 2025. <details><summary><strong>Abstract</strong></summary><h5> The lack of reliable electricity in the developing world is widely regarded by policymakers as a major constraint on the economy. One of the biggest challenges for ensuring a reliable electricity supply and achieving energy transition lies in the transmission grids. China initiated the construction of the world's highest-capacity inter-regional electricity transmission project in the past few years. Through regression analysis, we find that this project has significantly increased the inter-regional electricity transmissions. Subsequently, we construct a quantitative spatial model to study the welfare implications as well as the CO2 mitigation effect of China's inter-regional electricity transmission project.  </h5></details>
